master: deprecate telemetry (#22961)
pingcap/docs: telemetry.md

> **Note:**
>
> - Starting from TiUP v1.11.3, the telemetry feature in TiUP is disabled by default, which means TiUP usage information is not collected by default. If you upgrade from a TiUP version earlier than v1.11.3 to v1.11.3 or a later version, the telemetry feature keeps the same status as before the upgrade.
> - For versions from v8.1.0 to v8.5.2, the telemetry feature in TiDB and TiDB Dashboard is removed.
> - For versions from v8.5.3 to v8.5.6, TiDB reintroduces the telemetry feature. However, it only logs telemetry-related information locally and no longer sends data to PingCAP over the network.

> > - Starting from v8.5.7, the telemetry feature in TiDB and TiDB Dashboard is removed again.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Starting from v8.5.7, the telemetry feature in TiDB and TiDB Dashboard is deprecated.
```
